hey guys it's Tara with gold star
glitter calm and today I'm going to show
you how to make a triangular pennant
it's very easy and super cheap to make
so all you're going to need is a piece
of cardstock in the color that you want
your banner to be in any color you can
do a variety of colors whatever each
piece of eight-and-a-half by 11
cardstock will give you three pennants
so you just have to figure out how many
you want and what colors you want to use
you're going to take your card stock and
you're going to lay it lengthwise you're
going to use a ruler you're basically
going to be measuring it in half so
you're going to 411 it's going to be
five and a half so I'm just going to
make a tiny little mark there to show me
where the midpoint is then I'm going to
take your paper and turn it the other
way and you're going to lay your ruler
down again so that it's to the 11
measuring point and you're first going
to measure at two and three quarters and
again at eight and one quarter so turn
your paper back over again so you've got
the one mark at the top and you can if
you drew a line from this point to this
point and from this point to this point
you could see where your first pennant
is use a bone folder to score a subtle
line to your points and then you can use
scissors to cut it out if you don't have
a paper cutter you just find it easier
to just line it up on my trimmer and cut
it it makes it shorter and faster and
less stuff to do so I'm just going to
take the corner and I'm going to line it
up on the line that is where my blade
runs so you're just going to put the
corner into the groove then you're going
to hold it there with one finger or
whatever and move it so that this mark
lines up with the groove down this way
and slice I'm going to line up this mark
so I'm on the same thing so I've just
cut this off so after I've cut this off
and take the scrap put it aside move it
to the next point the next mark I made
I'm going to hold that on to the guide
groove and I'm going to line up this
point so that mark and this point where
we just cut I'm going to take my trimmer
and slice it down and I've got my first
pennant so I get the other pennant but
you just keep going you lift it up again
you line up this mark and this mark so
these two put it down and cut and I've
got two and lift it up again now you're
going to line up the last corner with
the bottom corner we just made or point
we just made and you're going to cut
down and you've got your third pennant
with the pencil mark shows up on the
corners and you have light colored
cardstock and you want to hide it
just take your eraser and you just erase
it because there's hardly anything there
we hardly made any mark at all so we
just made three triangle pennants that
are ready to be embellished and assemble
to put together to make our banner you
can make it with all sorts of different
colors like I said before this video is
just to show you how to cut these pen in
so in a very fast cheap and easy way
thank you so much for watching you guys
please take them home and hit that
button to subscribe so you've got all my
videos available to you to watch anytime
if there's anything you want to see done
definitely hit cut make a comment below
and I can see if I can make that for you
otherwise give me a like if you found
this helpful
thumbs up and thank you for watching
again
Sara with gold star glitter calm